the Vengeance n9t yes I'm doing both of
the 90 series vengeance products at the
same time here and that is because i
just got both of them has a great box
which comes apart very easily I think
this is a wonderful innovation because
most blister packs I could like get a
blister and the cut just trying to open
them up and Corsair has solved that
problem for me in a big way
so the m90 is pretty similar to the m60
just like the K 90 that's that's the
keyboards that you know m4 Mouse k4
keyboard just like the K 90 is very
similar to the K 60 although I'd say the
two mics are actually more similar to
each other than the keyboards are
because the K 90 has some real like
killer features that the K 60 does not
have whereas the m9 t is more of a
personal preference thing as opposed to
by just simply having more features like
the K 90 has a backlight and the K 60
doesn't whereas the m9 t is an MMO
optimized Mouse you can see all these
buttons over here we've actually got
nine side mounted buttons here and the
Toreros I going with that right and
whereas the m60 has like a dpi are not
DPI lowering a sensitivity lowering
sniping button here and a couple side
buttons because it's more optimized for
fps so I'm gonna start this video by
showing you guys one of the other and an
O oriented mice that I happen to have
here in my tech tips room and that is
the Razer Naga so we're gonna compare
the approaches that are taken by these
two companies the WoW Mouse is another
example of an MMO optimized Mouse and
the WoW Mouse I personally found very
difficult to use due to my small hands I
can't reach a lot of the buttons the
Naga I really like love this Mouse great
sensor great buttons great shape however
I never
ever use more than about three or four
of these maybe the top six because by
the time I'm reaching back here I can't
tell if I'm this far back or this far
back I don't know what button I'm
pressing yes they do have dimples on
them but in the heat of the moment when
you're like mana potion and a potion
it's not actually that easy to tell
what's what bring on the m9 t so the m9
t positions the buttons in a way that
you can actually easily feel which
button is which pretty much regardless
of the shape and size of your hands
because you can you grip it more like in
a claw grip this is the way I would grip
this muscle that you can palm it if you
want and then your thumb rests right
here see how it has a blank spot that's
another thing that I've heard cool I
don't personally have this problem but
I've heard complained about the Naga a
lot is that the whole sides of button so
when you go to pick up the mouse you
accidentally mash things Corsair has
given you a place to actually rest your
thumb so you can easily very easily lift
it up and it's a bit of a heavy Mouse
and doesn't have the the weights the
adjustable weights like the m60 so that
could be a factor for you that you can
grip it very easily okay now they've
positioned the buttons in a way that you
use a different part of your thumb to
actuate almost every part of every
button which means that you'll almost
never make a mistake the very tip of
your thumb goes here this part of your
thumb goes here this part of your thumb
goes here this part of your thumb is
used to actuate this one you slide back
a little bit and you just kind of mash
right under the knuckle here in order to
press this button you slide back and
you've got two options here and here and
then at the bottom you've got here and
here you can very distinctly feel look
how big the spaces are in particular
between the buttons that are very close
together that is so you can easily feel
which button is which and use all nine
of them in a useful manner now we've
also got a very similar to the way it's
implemented on the Naga which personally
I don't prefer I would the first thing
I'll do with this mouse is I'll rebind
back and forward to something on the
side as you've got your back and forward
buttons here so you've got a couple more
buttons next to the left and the right
click which brings us up to
seven buttons 12 13 14 look at that plus
the middle click 15 actual places where
you can click this mouse okay what else
we got here so it's a 5700 DPI sensor
that is just like the m60 as well I've
used the m9 D a fair bit I know I'm
unboxing this one but I have another one
already that I thought that I played
around with a little bit really like the
way the sensor tracks I've tried it on a
variety of different surfaces including
just a plain table cloth cloth mousepad
hard mousepad part most pad and I
haven't had any difficulty with it
whatsoever
this guy's got 48 K of on-board
dynamically knowledge memory for showing
up to 6 on the go profiles which is kind
of neat and then we've also got
indicators over here for which profile
we happen to be using so that's kind of
neat the aluminum frame yeah let's talk
about the aluminum frame and
construction so the the K 60 has a bit
more of like a bare-bones
look because you can kind of see the
shape of the frame whereas this one is
more like more like a traditional mouth
shape but it still does have that
aluminum construction so you can see the
shape here you can see there's two
pieces of aluminum here that come
together to form this mouth so what that
gives it is a little bit more weight and
it also gives it a very solid feel now
people might complain about something
like the weight of an iPhone 4 but
personally I find you go when you build
it out of aluminum and glass yeah it
weighs a lot but it weighs a lot in the
way that an SLR camera weighs a lot
you're like yeah
quality whereas sometimes things weigh a
lot and you're like yeah heavy piece of
plastic so personally I don't mind if my
camera weighs a little bit more than
average if my power supply weighs a
little bit more than average if my mouse
weighs a little bit more than average
you know I'm okay with that too because
it does give it an incredibly solid feel
you can see the whole thing is screwed
together with screws not you know little
cheapo plastic clips
nothing like that course there's really
over done I would say the construction
of this particular Mouse which includes
the scroll wheel as well great rubber
dimples making it very very easy to
scroll up and down and control it
perfectly and then metal rings on the
sides also very very strong it's like
what
expect you to do with this thing throw
it out the lot that might happen so
there you go
we've got right non-slip E or rather non
slippy slippy feet on the bottom of a
mouse covering all sides that should
pretty much cover any direction you
might want to move the mouse and make
sure that you don't accidentally grip
things too high to me remember when that
was like a big deal it's like yeah the
most has like Teflon feet on the bottom
now they pretty much all do so all right
cable length yeah okay so it's just over
a line of thumb spin which means it's
muttley around seven feet not a hundred
percent sure about that I don't think it
matters that much it's very long you
won't have trouble with it you've also
got gold plated connectors actually you
can see them better through the top gold
plated connectors so even though this
outside part actually this is funny
because a lot of gold plated here must
be actually it's gold plated on the
outside which doesn't make any contact
with any any data connection so it's
totally useless but no this is actually
gold plated where it counts the reason
the gold plating matters is because it's
a malleable metal helps it to make good
contact with the inside of the USB port
let me just make sure I haven't missed
anything here guys all right adjustable
lift distance so you can decide how far
off the table a lift is registered okay
and it'll stop it'll stop actually
moving the mouth side to side and where
I got such good packaging it's always
got like all the information on it no
problem 15 and event and yeah
individually programmable buttons so you
want to go ahead and download the
software at Corsair comm slash a
vengeance m90 so they've got a little
preview of it here which is what I
usually tell you people to do anyway
it's got a two year warranty on this guy
can change the polling rate 1,000 Hertz
5500 Hertz 250 Hertz 125 Hertz okay
tracking up two hundred and sixty five
hundred vintages per second and up to 30
G's of acceleration personally that
doesn't mean nearly as much to me as
when I use the mouse
and I go oh yeah that sensor feels good
some mice that are they're really high
DPI but you just you go to use them
you're like oh this is crap sensor it's
not it's not imaging the surface below
it nearly well enough okay last thing
overall texture the mouse so it's got
kind of a smooth soft touch turned of
grip on the top here and then it's got a
bit of a smooth like hard plastic one
here which is fine but on the other side
they've gone with kind of a rough so you
can actually see it rubbing away some of
my skin there you buy it's quite rough
and I think that's awesome because what
that means is that it's smooth and soft
to the touch where you're resting on it
and then it's got enough grip on the
sides and enough of a lip on the other
side that you can easily lift it up you
know in some in the heat of battle so to
speak I think that pretty much covers it
we've got an illuminated Corsair logo
here and we have nice you know
high-quality braided cable here thank
you for checking out my unboxing of the
Vengeance m9d from Corsair don't forget
to subscribe to latest tech tips from
unboxings reviews and other computer
video